Eliot picked up his pace. They probably knew it had been him. Of course they knew, was anyone else walking in the opposite direction of their enclave in these empty streets? In any case, they weren't following very quickly. He could probably outrun them.
Stepping onto the street, Eliot saw his breath against the black sky as he passed under the light of a passing helicopter. There was a light scattering of gravel near the sides of the street which cracked as Eliot's foot came down on the asphalt. Halfway across the street, he glanced behind himself. They pursued languidly, still shouting their insults, which rang down the empty street.
"Give up that loaf 'fore we kill you, fucka."
He might be able to outtrun them, but Eliot didn't know where he was going. He had only been in the outer city a few days. No connections, no hideouts, nowhere to go. And now he had gone and stolen food from a group of gangsters. In retrospect, maybe not the best decision.
Eliot's eyes cast about for somewhere to run. Only dark rat-infested alleys, the inner city, and the wasteland. Staying on the street, going into an alley - nobody would be ther eto see the gangsters kill him either way. May as well try an alley and hope it goes somewhere. He shot to a sprint and turned into the nearest alley. Immediately, he tripped over something. Flying forward a few feet, his face drove into the dirty sement. He felt his cheek bone crush as the skin on the right side of his face was cleanly removed. He made no sound, but heard his pursuers hooting and laughing. He writhed on the ground so that he could see the alley's entrance. Just inside of it was the corpse of a young man, apparently what had tripped him. The dirt and rat feces on the ground smelled terrible. The particles agitated by Eliot's fall swam around in hte air and seemed to settle mostly in his eyes, which now burned and teared.
Within seconds, the two men following him came to the entrance of the alley. One of them had a crowbar which Eliot hadn't noticed before. The man lifted his weapon into the air. It hung there silently for what seemed like a minute before slamming down on Eliot's skull. He was unconscious before the violent crack even reached his ears.



Eliot's eyes shot open and he looked around frantically. Darkness. He was lying on his back on a metal surface. As he tried to roll onto his side, the surface seemed to bend a little under the concentrated weight. Maybe it would be best to stay still.
Looking to his right side, Eliot saw a blurry red light. He squinted but still couldn't tell what it was. Perhaps some kind of LED light; an alarm clock maybe. Eliot turned to his left. More darkness. He looked back toward the red light, squinting and twisting his eyes trying to deduce its role.
